





Welcome to the city of BaltycMorsk! 
The ever-pretty capital of the Union of republics.
(After the rest of republics parted ways, unfortunately)
&gamemode 3


Our comrades spend their cheerful days
thriving on a happy, careless life devoid of the
perils of yesteryear.
&music OGG/RADIO.OGG


Such is the joy of the citizens of the 
Union of Republics!, to be taken care on every
single aspect of their lives by their father state.


The working class works until exhaustion with a smile.
Children study the history of our mission with joy!
The old is never lonely with the ever present surveillance!



Technology is progressing full steam and now machines,
machinery and macciatos are a daily part of the citizens 
lives. (*Macciatos are subject to coffee supply restrictions*) 



Remember that whenever you need any hand, or want to
report the misbehavior of that neighbor that you don't like,
in every corner of the city you will find an agent of
&background IMG/BAL002.PCX


order and law. Thanks to the prevention of policy,
our nation is able to tackle crime when it's still
on the tought process of a well meant but confused brother.



This fraternity makes our city a big happy family
where nothing bad ever happens, as long as you
behave and respect the virtuous authority of our leaders!



The last mission that we still have in our hands
is a step forward on ensuring a secure country!
To prevent the perils of deviant thought before it



is even thought. This will be possible only with the
intervention of our new team of heroes! 
We want to introduce therefore, the Ministry of Happiness! 



A newly formed team of students and studettes of
psychoanalysis or something like that. Using the power
of our new mandatory, but totally anonymous surveys,



so the state can intervene on the (rare) cases where
our citizens still have some pain points on their
otherwise delightful lives!
&background IMG/BAL003.PCX


Now, in addition to the surveillance that makes you
feel always safe, and the agents that are always eager
to give you a hand with any inquiry, BaltycMorks,



as a pilot project, will deploy our team of experts
on... psychosis?, pyrolisis? psylocibine?
*I don't know what's on this part of the script, Mr.Piotr*



Anyways. Despite the efforts put into ensuring our lives
remain safe, predictable and repetitive, foreign powers
are always ready to sabotage our righteous mission.
&background IMG/BAL004.PCX


Lurking on the shadows and surviving
on the scraps obtained through the most despicable means, 
an unit of sabotage has arised.



While the forces of law will always keep their promise of
keeping ours as the safest country in the world,
the government of the people needs today your help!
&background IMG/BAL005.PCX


If you ever detect suspicious activities, like free thinking,
chewing bubble gum, failure to comply with agent commands or deployment of mass destruction explosives, do not


hesitate to ping the guvernamental radio-net address
'prs.safetyborough' (Frequency 91.3)
Together we can make this a prosperous and safe nation!
&music OGG/SILENT.OGG


-End of the transmission--


&ambiance SFX/SIGNAL.WAV


-Bzzzzzzz bzzzzz bzzzz---





Yurinka: I don't understand how they can record
such a pile of ridiculous boot-licking nonsense without
rolling on the floor out of laughter. 



All that I can think about is a hot 
cube of instant noodles. My stomach is growling.
I barely stay enough time on this den to have
&background IMG/BAL006.PCX


ever needed to visit the kitchen... Well well. 
I don't even remember where the fridge was!
I think it's time to take a little break and source



Some... hmmm.. provisions.





Let's go on a mission to find wherever
they store the supplies on this bunker.

 


It's not much a secret base if you give your
address to order pizza.

&gamemode 2

