





Miss Yurinka, did you finish with the preparation
of today's appointment?
And may you excuse me for appearing from the control...
&music OGG/VAN.OGG


Yurinka: GYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Markus. Who authorized you to enter the control room
by surprise? I thought I was alone in the base today!
&stopambiance


Markus: Miss Yurinka, you may have been absorbed
by your valuable efforts of hacking thingamabobbers,
but let me remember we had an appointment to discuss



the details of the operation that was revealed during
last week's meeting. Unfortunately, it seems the miss
was too busy fiddling with something on her radio...



...Markus, com'on! The mission of our organization is the
only thing that occupies my mind night and day!
And what were you doing the whole day, anyways?



Markus: With delight i will report, Miss, an exhaustive
list of the activities I conducted today during
here at the base while you were busy, as requested:



1. As per request of Miss Ola, 
I went to the State Monopoly shop to adquire
two units of BisonGrass spirit drink.



2. I deposit the units requested on the fridge
down the corridor. Then I proceeded to clean up 
a deceased mouse that started decomposing next to the sofa.



Unfortunately, we forgot to provision a trash bin so I
decided to also place the rodent on the unused room fridge,
as the low temperatures would slow down its decay until



we could get enough funds from our Patron to provision a 
container for disposal of biological rests...




Yurinka: Yikes! How long was that fridge unused?
I think it was enough information and chit-chat for today.
May you remind me the whole plan with the patron?



Markus: Pardon me Miss Yurinka, but in my humble opinion,
both you and Miss Ola should pay more attention to the
couple of commands we get from the patron the whole year...



Yurinka: You are supposed to take care of the security
of the perimeter, not to act as Ola's personal assistant!
That rodent was already a security breach. Gimme the infos!



Markus: We have an appointment on BaltycMorsk's river marina
in exactly 42 minutes. The patron has good news: We have 
for the first time ever an action plan to sabotage our tyranny.



His messenger will meet us on the Marina to communicate
his action plan privately. In order to not draw attention from
the network of city cameras, we used a little bit of bribery



sauce on the authorities to turn them off around the marina
and play hilarous raci..old cartoons on the broadcast instead.
About the transport... more good news to us!



Miss Ola passed the exams successfully on her 8th attempt
last week. No further need to commute to the city by bycicle.
A rental van has been provided while we save for a moped.



Yurinka: I fear for my life with Ola behind the steering
wheel. Hard pass! I'd rather take the bus.
She has an absolute disregard for safety and sobriety.






&background IMG/PNC005.PCX





&sprite IMG/SPRMAR.PCX


Markus: We are awaiting Miss Ola to appear with the van.
Ideally, we should take less than ten minutes to arrive
to the city center. 



Yurinka: And lest than ten seconds to become organ donors.
Hold a second. What was the BisonGrass for if Ola has her
first time driving today?
&background IMG/MOT002.PCX


Jeez! That's a shining, cute new van! No clue about vans,
but this might cost a couple of thousand million coins,
Such is the lavish life of the elites! 



Markus: Miss, weren't you part of the elites as a child
anyways? You might even have traveled across the Union when 
the Union was still an Union and not a singleton.



Yurinka: That was ages ago! I only have fuzzy memories...
The pittance I earn won't get me to even pay a basic
Motoreczka. I would look ridiculous riding that tho.



Markus: In my honest opinion, I think it would be
appropiate for the lady's dimensions...



Yurinka: Markus! I command you to shut up.
Let's cut the chatter and see how long we take to end 
up with our bowels spread on the highway.
&background IMG/MOT003.PCX


Yurinka: Wow! We could travel to the dark sea
on this van. If the government ever issued us a permit
to leave the country, which won't happen in eons.



Ah. Look at who we have here. Woohoo!
It's our favourite engineer covered in engine grease,
smelling like liquor and rust. The magnificient...
&sprite IMG/SPROLA.PCX


Aleksandra Pietruszka! 
Do you fancy a coffee to recover from the 
bottle you gulped down a couple of hours ago?



Ola: I only took a couple of shots, so will you
when your hacking attempts give the government your
location and they pew-pew you into oblivion.



Yurinka: At least they pew pew! Your zippy zapper
inventions only make kaboom and explode in our hands.
They are of poo-poo quality!



Ola: Your hacking is poo poo! And I am not going to be
your minion a second more. I will tell my father to
replace you on the org with a handsome boy.



Yurinka: I will tell MY father to replace you with 
a Siberian dog. Unless you, they are know for being
the only breed that does. Not. Bark! 



Ola: Who are you calling a dog, you little sluth?
Or whatever that long nailed animal that sleeps all
day and clings on trees is called.



Yurinka: I don't have time to make my nails every weekend,
I am also going through a hard time on my new job...
You are so mean to me for absolutely no reason...



Ola: No reason except all of the times you mock
me throughout the day. And it's not like we interact
much since you spend all day on that monitoring room...



Yurinka: I spend my time there because we don't have
anything useful to do. Plus I am so close to beat
the last level of solitaire on the terminal.



Ola: Markus! Why do we take commands from her?
At least can we get a leader that does productive stuff, 
like beating Minesweeper instead?
&background IMG/MOT003.PCX
&sprite IMG/SPRMAR.PCX

Markus: I think, ladies, that we don't have
the human resources or time to engage on this
kind of fratricide discussion...



the government is behaving erratically and
we have a golden chance in our hands to deal them
them the grace blow, but we need to remain
&background IMG/MOT004.PCX


united despite our personal differences...
The ladies could be such nice friends if you
stopped calling each other animal names...



Yurinka: Whatever. 
I can't get along with this venomous viper,
but you have a point, the mission is our priority.



Ola: Do you want me to crash the van into the
bridge and take us all together?




Yurinka: Did you spend the first 7th attempts
of passing the driving license test practicing 
for this moment? 
&background IMG/MOT005.PCX


Yurinka: (I think I should have come with 
empty stomach after all... between the dead mouse story and
and her reckless driving I feel the nausea of the century) 
&stopambiance


At least we arrived to the destination 
on one piece. 

&background IMG/MOT007.PCX


Markus: Ahead, as planned. The messenger should arrive in
around 10 minutes. Miss Ola has driven faster than estimated.
Yurinka, could you please use the communicator to



verify that no transmission might be spying our conversations
or reporting our locations?
Once I found a microphone inside a fortune cookie.



Since then, I always make sure to chew 10 times
before I swallow my food. It's also nice for 
digestion and to absorb the iron and coltan!



Yurinka: Sector clear. No surveillance on the perimeter.
Have you noticed any strange movements on the base since
we discussed the plan... eh, when was it?



Ola: Exactly a week ago. We were throwing a party to
celebrate we finally had something useful to do.
You started snoring like a pig after half an hour...



Yurinka: Stop the animal name calling!
It's an order!
I ate so many cinnamon donuts I could just not stay awake!



Markus: The Yacht has arrived ahead of time. Might be
a last minute maneuver to avoid surveillance.
Yurinka: Let's go! Let's go!



Yurinka: Whoa. Between the fancy van and now this,
our patron must have gotten a huge injection of capital
from the States of Libreland. 
&background IMG/MOT008.PCX


???: Welcome, youngsters. Pardon my early arrival.
The passcode is "Borscht with Calamari"




Yurinka: The passcode is "Pickled herrings with chorizo"





Walter: My name is Walter. I bring the good news
from our patron overseas. 
The operation is going to be probably the most 
&sprite IMG/SPRWAL.PCX


risky endeavour the organization, scarce in resources
and talent, but the rewards might be of infinite value.

&music OGG/RIVER.OGG


As you might already now, the government is investing
on creative ways to spy on their opressed people, 
and technology is advancing in exponential rates



since our government won the space race a handful of
decades ago. But when the power is in hands of a few
bureaucrats, it is prone to be used in villanous,



corrupt ways. The newest superpower this new explosion
of technologies is bringing to our tyrant overlords is
a chip the size of a pea.



Yurinka: Is it a new model of the pocket transmitters?
and will it be so awesome everyone will have one on their
pockets, and the government will spy on us permanently?



Ola: Don't be ridiculous! No one would willingly
carry a spy device in their pocket everywhere they go.




Yurinka: The government can trace our transmissors
already. I am surprised they don't inject us a device to
track us with our mandatory vaccines.



Walter: Anyways. It is true the story is about
a device spying on us, but it won't be done in
the light of the day. The means are more perverse.
&background IMG/STO001.PCX


Strong intel is suspecting the government has developed
a diminutive transmitter that requires near zero energy
to operate, and can be integrated on pretty much all



things, live or inanimate. Think about daily objects,
your pets, your shoes whenever you step on bubble gum,
if the government had not banned bubble gum.
&background IMG/STO002.PCX


The patron is willing to put whatever resources
are necessary to equip your organization with tools
to adquire the new technology before the government



starts producing it on mass scale and deploying
it everywhere. Think about how many people the ministry
of happiness could vanish for just criticizing the



opression they suffer. The organization would be
done forever if they turn every corner, every inch
of the country into a monitored, surveilled area!



Yurinka: That's terrifying. But do we have the 
skills to actually do that. Like, in real life?
One thing is to eat donuts and hack radio signals...



Don't you guys hear a buzzing sound on the background?
Did we get a wasp inside the yacht or something?
I hate wasps! Do we have insecticide?



Ola: I think these are not wasps...
Look behind us...




Yurinka: Holy cow! How long have we been
followed by these? We are screwed if we can't
outrun these drones! 
&background IMG/MOT009.PCX


Walter: The patron has already warned me 
about the lack of experience of the team, but how
in earth did you get tracked by drones



minutes after we started moving? Is as if they
already knew our location and path before we even
onboarded. How could this have happened?



Markus: We were discreet discussing the plan at
any times. Although if I make memory, I recall
a moment a week ago when...



Ola: Yeah, what a bummer. Going to the river
and not even bringing a couple of bottles of 
booze? So you said the location was precisely
&background IMG/MOT011.PCX


in front of the old medieval crane, at 
18:45, and we will advance southernwest, right?
Hiccs! I should have not taken these sips of



tequila ahead of this meeting. But you guys
are soooo boring guys.




Markus: Miss Ola. We are lucky I reviewed
the perimeter and no one is spying on us. 
That information is sensitive and we should not



discuss it openly without using keywords...
Please refrain from shouting these details 
again and please refrain from tequila before meetings...



Walter: Please, team. Tell me you made sure 
nothing on the perimeter was actually recording the
conversation, and this is an unfortunate coincidence.
&background IMG/MOT008.PCX
&sprite IMG/SPRWAL.PCX

Markus: Sir. I am in charge of the security of the
base, and can assure you no stranger or strange
object has penetrated inside the base
&background IMG/MOT008.PCX
&sprite IMG/SPRMAR.PCX

Although now that I think about it, there
was indeed something that infiltrated the base
precisely a couple of weeks ago...



I was performing a cleanup of the kitchen,
when I noticed a poor creature that had perished
probably a short time before, so I decided to 
&background IMG/STO003.PCX


deposit it on some place in absence of a 
proper trash bin, which we don't have at the
moment due to shortage of funds...



Walter: Markus, with all due respect, think
about what we were discussing right now...
The mouse WAS the spying device!
&background IMG/MOT008.PCX
&sprite IMG/SPRWAL.PCX

Markus: ....





Yurinka: Hey guys. We utterly screwed, but
are we going to do something with "that" stuff
that is STILL flying above us?
&background IMG/MOT010.PCX


Markus: I think they are deliberately chasing
us to a place out of sight to start firing at us...
The government wants to stick to the narrative



about crime not existing on BaltycMorsk, so
they would prefer to eliminate us on a sneaky
way, then claim the yacht has sunken by itself...



Yurinka: I have never hacked a drone before,
but if it's either that or being blown into 
pieces. I might aswell try to save the day!
&background IMG/MOT012.PCX


... so sudo here. Init here. Editing some
text file here. Saving changes. How the hell
do I exit vi? Argh.



I am sure vi has its days numbered. What an
awkard editor to use! Why is there a terminal
installed a drone anyways?



....Hurray! They were so incompetent to use
root/root as the passwords on the radiofrequency
control. I am uploading through radionet



a different version of the software they run,
and they might just crash into the river!




Ola: Sounds too good to be true...
And what's exactly the software you uploaded into
the drone's control system?



Yurinka: It's BLOOM! The game that was just
released and runs everywhere. It's a port of BLOOM
to run in drones. Ain't that cool?



Ola: And what are the drones supposed to do
with that BOOM? Will they blow themselves?
Aren't they close enough for the sharpnel to reach us?



Drone: "Segfault. Aborting current operations"





Yurinka: See? Apology to your hacker master overlady!
It took me a minute to defeat these drones with 
my prowess and ingenuity. Mwahahahahah...



Drone: Loading failsafe defaults.





Yurinka: ....





Drone: Initiating destruction mode.
Please evacuate the perimeter. The drone will start
firing to every living target in sight.
&background IMG/MOT013.PCX


Yurinka: Oh boys. It was too good to be true.
I think we all screwed up on this operation after all...
Have we brought any weapons with us?



Ola: I have a couple of inventions on my backpack.
Hurry up and grab some!




Yurinka: I don't want one of your guns to blow
in my hands before the drones even start firing. 
Big pass. Let's see how we can solve this with



our ingenuity and needless violence!


